README.md, before:

# Clojure Tutorial

Clojure tutorial for ex-bocah2x zenx &amp; zenclub  

This tutorial assumes you have an introductory programming background using Haskell.    
If you don't then try <a href="https://github.com/Zenius2016/BoardAlfa">this one</a>  

Youtube playlists :

1. <a href="https://youtu.be/NXxJavT7ILY?list=PLlTjr2CPUG1-tA4FMIGCCyJFGuZbB-gpq" target="_blank">Basic part one</a>
2. <a href="https://youtu.be/KLgrUWyqGgw?list=PLlTjr2CPUG187bvI0lY00K6n1GVbyFLdU" target="_blank">Basic part two</a>  

Important exercises :

1. <a href="http://www.4clojure.com" target="_blank">4Clojure</a>  
2. <a href="http://www.projecteuler.net" target="_blank">Euler</a>  

Other learning resources : 

1. <a href="https://clojuredocs.org/quickref" target="_blank">Clojure cheat-sheet</a>  
2. <a href="http://clojure-doc.org/articles/content.html" target="_blank">Clojure community tutorial</a>  
3. <a href="http://www.braveclojure.com" target="_blank">Clojure for the brave and true</a>  

Tools :

1. <a href="http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp">JVM</a>
2. <a href="http://leiningen.org/">Leiningen</a>
3. <a href="https://sekao.net/nightcode/">Nightcode</a>
4. <a href="https://github.com/jasongilman/SublimeClojureSetup">Sublime Clojure</a>

Commit message:

@maxsinus Sublime is not really recommended
Lispy family languages require advanced customisable paredit so you can work significantly more productive, there will be videos showing the features of paredit.

README.md, after:

# Clojure Tutorial

Clojure tutorial for ex-bocah2x zenx &amp; zenclub  

This tutorial assumes you have an introductory programming background using Haskell.    
If you don't then try <a href="https://github.com/Zenius2016/BoardAlfa">this one</a>  

Youtube playlists :

1. <a href="https://youtu.be/NXxJavT7ILY?list=PLlTjr2CPUG1-tA4FMIGCCyJFGuZbB-gpq" target="_blank">Basic part one</a>
2. <a href="https://youtu.be/KLgrUWyqGgw?list=PLlTjr2CPUG187bvI0lY00K6n1GVbyFLdU" target="_blank">Basic part two</a>  

Important exercises :

1. <a href="http://www.4clojure.com" target="_blank">4Clojure</a>  
2. <a href="http://www.projecteuler.net" target="_blank">Euler</a>  

Other learning resources : 

1. <a href="https://clojuredocs.org/quickref" target="_blank">Clojure cheat-sheet</a>  
2. <a href="http://clojure-doc.org/articles/content.html" target="_blank">Clojure community tutorial</a>  
3. <a href="http://www.braveclojure.com" target="_blank">Clojure for the brave and true</a>  

Tools :

1. <a href="http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp">JVM</a>
2. <a href="http://leiningen.org/">Leiningen</a>
3. <a href="https://sekao.net/nightcode/">Nightcode</a>
4. If you need an advanced Clojure IDE, try Emacs+cider+paredit or IntelliJ with Cursive for a much more productive workflow and better integration with Paredit + Java environment (IntelliJ)
